
0 -- Hannah and Bill met one year ago at a British Christmas Party. Hannah and Bill are both anglophiles: they love going to England and everything British. Hannah realized that they were meant for each other when Bill asked to go to High Tea one afternoon. After a couple months of dating, they became engaged and today they are getting married.

1 -- The officiant welcomes them, “Good morning Hannah and Bill, and welcome to all of your lovely guests gathered here today.”

2 -- For the first ritual Hannah and Bill gather around a campfire. This part of the ceremony symbolizes how their love does not and will not burn out. The campfire reminds them of when they were once in England, at Oxford, and one of the colleges was having a bonfire. This trip was the first one after they had gotten engaged, so it brings back fond memories of a special time for them. 

3 -- For the first ritual, Hannah and Bill plant a flower together, to show how they are beginning a new life, from these vows on. The flower that they plant is the rose, the National Flower of Britain. 

4 -- Next in the ceremony, Hannah and Bill drop coins into a bowl. This ritual represents gratitude to the community for supporting their union. 

5 -- Next in the ceremony, Hannah and Bill stand together. Bill holds a torch and the officiant encircles them. This symbolizes the unbreakable nature of their marriage vows. 

6 -- For the last ritual, Hannah and Bill take an egg and crack it together to symbolize the destruction of evil within them. They paint a vintage car on their egg, that is common in England, and that they would see on all their trips on the roads. 

7 -- For the last ritual, Hannah and Bill paint a picture together in memory of this important day. They paint a cupcake, because it’s their favorite dessert that is served at High Tea in England. 

8 -- As the ceremony comes to a close, Hannah and Bill celebrate, because they see the gifts their friends brought them. One friend gave Hannah a pearl, to wear when she is at High Tea in London, where they are taking their honeymoon. Another friend gave them a pot for cooking together. 
