
0 -- Doreen and Simon thought that romantic love was not for them, until they unexpectedly met at lunch one day. Doreen was working at a daycare, and Simon was an agent at an insurance company next door. They both went to lunch one day at the same place across the street, and Simon bumped into Doreen, and spilled her drink all over her shirt. In order to make it up to her, he took her out to dinner another night. Since then, they dated for 4 years, and after a quick engagement, they are getting married today. 

1 -- The officiant of the wedding starts the ceremony: “Good morning everyone, today we have the beautiful couple, Doreen and Simon, who will make their commitment lifelong today.”

2 -- For the first ritual, Doreen and Simon move to the campfire and look into the flames. The campfire is meant to symbolize the union between the two. This is a special moment for Doreen and Simon also, because the bonfire reminds them of the company bonfire Simon took Doreen to when they were dating, when they first said “I love you.”

3 -- For the first ritual, Doreen and Simon plant a flower together. This is meant to symbolize the beginning of a new life of marriage. They plant a poppy, because Doreen used to plant them outside of the daycare, and Simon had admired them before he had even known Doreen was the one planting them. 

4 -- For the next ritual, Doreen and Simon drop coins into a bowl. This symbolizes the gratitude they have for the circumstances that brought them to this ceremony and the people who supported them along the way. 

5 -- For the next ritual, Doreen and Simon stand together, while Simon holds up a torch. The wedding officiant makes a circle around them and signals that nothing will come between the couple. 

6 -- In the final ritual, they crack an egg together, to symbolize the destruction of evil in them. The egg is painted, and they choose a walrus cartoon as the subject, because it was a character in Doreen and Simon’s favorite childhood book, Doreen now reads the book to her kids in daycare and Simon hopes to read it to his children with Doreen.
 
7 -- In the final ritual, they paint a picture together. This commemorates the day. They decide to paint a field on the side a mountain, because it reminds them of the trip they made to Thailand, where Simon proposed to Doreen. 

8 -- Finally the ceremony comes to a close. Doreen and Simon see their gifts and are glad. Their friends gave them a rocking horse and target with a toy gun for Doreen to either use with her kids at the daycare or for Simon and Doreen to use for their own children potentially. 
