
0 -- To make money in college Angela and Dave used to be dog-walkers. They would both take their dogs out in the evenings. After many weeks of seeing each other walking at the same time they decided to talk and one night walk together. They kept doing this for a year, and then Dave finally asked her out. After two years of dating and engagement, they are getting married today. 

1 -- The officiant welcomes the couple and their guests: “Hello everyone, what a beautiful day to be married.” She reads through the ceremonial book, and the rituals begin. 

2 -- The first ritual is the creation of and gathering around the campfire. Dave makes a campfire, and once it is going, him and Angela stand around it. The fire shows how their love has grown, such that it is outside of them. This reminds Angela and Dave of how when they were once walking their dogs, they saw a house caught on fire, and they called 9-1-1. It was a traumatic, but bonding experience for them.

3 -- The first ritual is the planting of the flower. This shows that the couple is beginning a new life together. They plant an Iris because there were many irises growing in the park where they would walk their dogs. They have fond memories from those times. 

4 -- In the second ritual, Dave and Angela drop coins into the ceremonial bowl. This shows thanksgiving for their friends and family for coming to their wedding. 

5 -- In the second ritual, Dave and Angela stand together while Dave holds up a flame. The officiant encircles them, and this is meant to show that there will be nothing that will come between the couple. 

6 -- The third ritual is the cracking of the egg. This is meant to symbolize the destruction of evil within them. They paint their friend, Jud, on their egg. He owns the ranch, and is the one who effectively introduced Dave and Angela, by hiring Dave and introducing Angela to riding. He is still their good friend. 

7 -- The third ritual is the painting of the wedding picture. They paint a picture of a part of the ranch, where the horses are stored. Dave and Angela used to spend a lot of time here. They will keep this painting to always remember this day and their story together. 

8 -- The ceremony comes to a close with the presents. Dave and Angela rejoice because their friends are so kind and bought them a drum: to play on the ranch when Angela is riding, and a robe, to use in their new house. 
