
0 -- Dennis and Vivian met online. They are both movie enthusiasts and went to the theater for their first date. They started a movie reviewers blog together and a relationship, and both have taken off. Today they are getting married. 

1 -- The officiant begins the wedding and opens up the ceremonial book, “Good Morning everyone. Today is a very special day and it is a gift to be able to witness the union of such a devoted couple.”

2 -- The ceremony begins and Dennis prepares a campfire. Him and Vivian gather around it and look onto the flames. This symbolizes how their love has manifested to consequent proportion. This reminds Dennis and Vivian of one of their favorite movies, Brokeback Mountain, which has campfire scenes.

3 -- The ceremony begins and Dennis and Vivian prepare to plant a flower. When they plant the flower this is supposed to symbolize how they are beginning a new life together. They plant a Rose because they love the Movie Beauty and the Beast, which centers around the Enchanted Rose. 

4 -- The next ritual is the dropping of coins into the the ceremonial bowl. This is symbolic of the couple’s thanksgiving for their family and friends for coming today and supporting them. 

5 -- The next ritual is the encircling of the official around the couple. Dennis holds up a flame while the officiant performs this walk around them, and this is meant to symbolize how nothing comes between the love of Dennis and Vivian. 

6 -- For the last ritual, Dennis and Vivian crack and egg together, which is meant to symbolize the destruction of evil within them. They paint a cartoon “one” on their egg, because it’s the logo of their movie block, which rates the number one movie each week, and the blog has that cartoon incorporated into it. 

7 -- For the last ritual, Dennis and Vivian paint a picture together. This is done to ensure that they will never forget this day. They paint a picture of daisies, because Dennis proposed to Vivian with a bouquet of daisies before a red carpet film premiere, so that she could wear the ring in all of the photographs. 

8 -- The ceremony comes to a close, and Dennis and Vivian go see what gifts they have received. They rejoice because their friends gave them an umbrella, inspired by the Mary Poppins umbrella, and a vase, with which to decorate their tv room.
