
0 -- Steph and Harold met on a cruise ship, not as passengers, but as crew members. Steph is a singer, and performed every night on a mediterranean cruise, and Harold was working in the casino on the ship dealing cards. They met after hours in the bar, and their relationship set sail. After 4 years of cruising and dating, they are getting married today. 

1 -- The officiant welcomes Steph, Harold, and their friends: “Hello everyone. We are gathered today to celebrate the beautiful union of this man and woman, Steph and Harold.”

2 -- The ceremony begins with Steph and Harold gathering around the campfire. The flames represent their love, which brings light into the world. Steph and Harold used to make bonfires on the beach when the cruise ship would dock, and this ritual reminded them of those memories. 

3 -- The ceremony begins with the planting of a flower. The flower that Steph and Harold pick is the Hawaiian flower, because they were on a cruise around Hawaii when Harold proposed. This signifies how after marriage, they begin a new life together. 

4 -- Next, the couple takes the ceremonial coins and drops them into a bowl. In this act, they show thanksgiving to their family, and all their friends. 

5 -- Next, the couple stands together, while Harold holds up a torch. The officiant walks around them in order to show that nothing can come between this marriage. 

6 -- Completing that, the couple partakes in the final ritual, the breaking of the egg. They crack the egg together to symbolize the destroying of evil in them, before they are united for life. They paint a parrot on their egg, because it’s their favorite tropical bird that they would see on cruises. 

7 -- Completing that, the couple partakes in the final ritual, the painting of a picture. They create this as a memorandum of the day and the vows that were made. They paint a lighthouse, because this was the loyal greeting whenever they came home from a cruise. 

8 -- After the final ritual has been finished, Steph and Harold celebrate because they have received gifts from their family. They gave them cards, so that Harold and Steph can play together apart from the casino, and a tv, for leisure time when they are not working on the ship. 
