
0 -- Shannon and Tobias are both professors of Law. They met at a mutual friend’s dinner party and had the good fortune of being personally and professionally interested in the same things when they sat down by each other at this dinner. Tobias had such a nice time after the dinner that he asked the host for Shannon’s number, and they went out for dinner the next week. They dated for one year, were engaged for another, and today they are getting married. 

1 -- The officiant of the wedding welcomes the celebrated couple and their guests. She reads from the book and the ceremony begins. 

2 -- In the first ritual, Tobias goes out and gets a campfire and starts a flame. Him and Shannon gather around the flames, and this is meant to symbolize how they will always appreciate their love. This ritual reminds Shannon and Tobias of many nights they spend together by the fireplace reading law papers together. 

3 -- In the first ritual, Tobias and Shannon plant a flower together. This symbolizes the new life that they begin together as husband and wife. This flower they plant is a black-eyed Susan, a flower that has historically represented justice, something, Tobias and Shannon strive for with their whole lives. 

4 -- Next, Shannon and Tobias drop coins into a bowl to show gratitude to their friends, family, and the officiant for being here for this ceremony. 

5 -- Next, Shannon and Tobias stand together while Tobias holds up a flame. The officiant walks around them a couple times, to symbolize how nothing will come between the couple and their love. 

6 -- For the final ritual, Shannon and Tobias crack an egg together to symbolize the destruction of evil within them. They paint a storm on their egg, because their favorite beverage to sip while they work together, as they have done many a night.

7 -- For the final ritual, Shannon and Tobias paint a picture together, so that they will have a memento of this day and the vows made then. They paint a picture of an overpass they hiked on when they went to Arizona during both of their Sabbaticals. The scene is where Tobias proposed to Shannon. 

8 -- Shannon and Tobias rejoice because their friends gave them gifts! They received from one friend a bottle of glue, to use for arts and crafts that Shannon and Tobias like to do together when they aren’t studying law. From another friend they receive a birdcage, a suggestion for a fun pet that still works with their busy professorial schedules. 
