
0 -- Camille and Felix both love to travel. They were both backpacking around South America, when they happened to be staying in the same hostel for a week. They met in the kitchen, got to talking, and made plans to explore the country together for the week they had booked. They enjoyed their time together so much, that they decided to do the rest of the trip together, and they left South America engaged. Today they are getting married. 

1 -- The officiant of the wedding welcomes them and their guests: “Welcome Camille and Felix. Today is a very important day in the stories of your lives.”

2 -- To begin the wedding, Camille and Felix gather around a campfire. This is meant to show the eternal nature of their love. This experience reminds Camille of Felix of how in South America, when they were staying in a small village, they partied with the villagers around a campfire. 

3 -- To begin the wedding, Camille and Felix choose to plant the Freesia, a Brazilian flower, because Brazil is where Felix proposed to Camille. The flower symbolizes the beginning of a new life together. 

4 -- Next, Camille and Felix drop coins into the ceremonial bowl. This shows gratitude to the family for their support of the union. 

5 -- Next, Camille and Felix stand together while the officiant encircles them. Felix holds a torch, and the officiant’s inability to come between them shows how nothing can come between them. 

6 -- For the final ritual, Camille and Felix crack an egg together, to symbolize the destruction of evil within them. They paint an owl on their egg, because the hostel they met at was called the Argentinian Owl. 

7 -- For the final ritual, Camille and Felix paint a flower. The flower is medicinal, and Camille was treated with this when she got food poisoning in Chile. Felix decided to propose to Camille after this incident, so it was a special event.

8 -- As the ceremony comes to a close, Camille and Felix look at their gifts. They rejoice because they really like them! One friend gave Camille a skirt for dancing Salsa, a skill Camille and Felix picked up on their travels. In addition, a family member gave them a wheelbarrow, for the gardening the couple does when they are not traveling. 
