
0 -- Magdalene and Chris are both writers. Chris aspires to write fiction and Magdalene hopes to be a high-impact journalist. Despite their different professional goals, they used to work in the same coffee shop in California. One day, Chris slipped Magdalene a note asking to go to dinner the next night. She obliged, and they worked at the same table in the coffee shop since then. They dated for 3 years, were engaged for 1, and are getting married today.
 
1 -- The officiant of the wedding greets the couple and their family: “Welcome Magdalene and Chris. Today is the beginning of the rest of your lives as husband and wife.”

2 -- To begin the ceremony, the couple gathers around the campfire. This first ritual represents the everlasting love of the couple. The campfire reminds them of Chris and Magdalene’s own ritual they have of throwing the week’s discarded writings into their fireplace to let off steam.

3 -- To begin the ceremony, the couple plants a flower together. This symbolizes the start of a new life as married couple. The couple plants a daisy, because the coffee shop they met in, always had daisies decorating the tables. 

4 -- Following that ritual, the couple drops coins into a bowl to show gratitude for their friends and family.

5 -- Following that ritual, the couple stands together and Chris holds a torch. The officiant walks around them to show that nothing will ever come between them. 

6 -- Finally, the couple takes a painted egg and cracks it to symbolize the destruction of evil within them. They paint a flower on their egg because one day they hope to write a series of poems together about flowers.

7 -- Finally, the couple takes a canvas and paints a picture of dunes on it. They hope one day to go to the desert for their writing. Chris hopes to get inspiration for his novels. And Magdalene hopes to report about the nomadic people living there. The picture will remind them of their shared dream and this wedding day. 

8 -- As the ceremony comes to a close Magdalene and Chris look at their gifts. One friend gave Magdalene a bracelet, for her to wear when interviewing people, and another friend gives Chris shades, so that he can more easily write outside. 
