
0 -- Vera and Solomon met a year ago. Vera was working as a bartender, and Solomon went to the bar she worked at with some friends. Vera made some witty joke when serving them drinks, and Solomon was intrigued by her. A couple days later he ran into her at Church, and he asked her out then. After dating and getting engaged, today they are to be married. 

1 -- The officiant of the wedding welcomes the celebrated couple and their guests. She reads from the book and the ceremony begins.

2 -- The ceremony begins with Solomon starting the ceremonial campfire. Him and Vera gather round the fire once it is lit, and this is meant to symbolize how their love is greater than them. The fire reminds them of how Solomon once lit Vera’s hair on fire when he was trying to show her how to make a drink that you set on fire. It was scary at the time, but they both laugh about it now. 

3 -- The ceremony begins with Vera and Solomon planting a flower together. This is to symbolize how they are beginning a new life together. They plant a rose, because after Solomon asked Vera out, the next time he saw her he bought her a dozen roses to show how serious he was. 

4 -- The next part of the ceremony is the demonstration of gratitude to the community. This is done by dropping coins into the ceremonial bowl. 

5 -- The next part of the ceremony is the demonstration of the unbreakable nature of the bond being established at this wedding. Vera and Solomon stand together and Solomon holds up a torch. The officiant encircles them and shows that nothing can come between them. 

6 -- Finally, in the last part of the ceremony, Vera and Solomon crack an egg together. This is meant to symbolize how they destroy evil within them. They paint a monster octopus on their egg, because on Valentine’s day, Solomon visited Vera at work at the bar, and instead of embarrassing her with a bouquet of roses, he brought a stuffed animal that looked like this, and gave it to her. She really liked it, and keeps the stuffed animal on her bed. 

7 -- Finally, in the last part of the ceremony, Vera and Solomon paint a picture together. They paint two parrots forming a heart, because they have two pet parrots, that they take care of together, in preparation for the children, the product of their own unification. This painting will always remind them of the promises they made on this day.

8 -- Vera and Solomon celebrate because they have such kind friends who have given them gifts. From one friend they receive a tennis racket, to play when they get back from their honeymoon. Another friend gives them a toaster to use in their new house together. 
